SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 32 (#11417)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/data/how-to-bind-to-xml-data-using-an-xmldataprovider-and-xpath-queries.md

  
 The <xref:System.Windows.Controls.ListBox> will show the following items when this example is run. These are the *Title*s of all of the elements under *Books* with either a *Stock* value of "*out*" or a *Number* value of 3 or greater than or equals to 8. Notice that no *CD* items are returned because the <xref:System.Windows.Data.XmlDataProvider.XPath%2A> value set on the <xref:System.Windows.Data.XmlDataProvider> indicates that only the *Books* elements should be exposed (essentially setting a filter).  
  

>  ![Screenshow that shows an XPath example.](./media/how-to-bind-to-xml-data-using-an-xmldataprovider-and-xpath-queries/xpath-example-listbox-details.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot of the XPath example showing the title of four books.](./media/how-to-bind-to-xml-data-using-an-xmldataprovider-and-xpath-queries/xpath-example-listbox-details.png)  
```
